[Docs] Smallish overhaul of the docs (#5281)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/faq_build.md

Re-running the installation script for MSYS2 may help (eg run `./util/qmk_install.sh` from MSYS2/WSL) or reinstalling the QMK Toolbox may fix the issue.

> If that doesn't work, then you may need to grab the [Zadig Utility](https://zadig.akeo.ie/). Download this, find the device in question, and select the `WinUSB` option, and hit "Reinstall driver". Once you've done that, try flashing your board, again.  If that doesn't work, try all of the options, until one works. 

Reviewer: The libusb option actually works better.

Author: It doesn't for me, actually.  In fact, the WinUSB was the only one that really works for me. 

Hence why I mention using all of them.  But I can change this.

Author: ```suggestion
If that doesn't work, then you may need to grab the [Zadig Utility](https://zadig.akeo.ie/). Download this, find the device in question, and select the `WinUSB` option, and hit "Reinstall driver". Once you've done that, try flashing your board, again.  If that doesn't work, try all of the options, until one works. 

?> There isn't a best option for which driver should be used here.  Some options work better on some systems than others.  libUSB and WinUSB seem to be the best options here.
```

> If that doesn't work, then you may need to grab the [Zadig Utility](https://zadig.akeo.ie/). Download this, find the device in question, and select the `WinUS(libusb-1.0)` option, and hit "Reinstall driver". Once you've done that, try flashing your board, again.  If that doesn't work, try all of the options, until one works. 

Reviewer 2: Current Zadig (v2.4, Build 721) gives the following options for me:

- `WinUSB (v6.1.7600.16385)`
- `libusb-win32 (v1.2.6.0)`
- `libusbK (v3.0.7.0)`
- `USB Serial (CDC)`

```suggestion
If that doesn't work, then you may need to grab the [Zadig Utility](https://zadig.akeo.ie/). Download this, find the device in question, and select the `WinUSB` option, and hit "Reinstall driver". Once you've done that, try flashing your board, again.  If that doesn't work, try all of the options, until one works. 
```

Used `WinUSB` without a specified version number in case a new version of Zadig Utility uses a different version of the driver.
